The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, do not adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago. The second best time is now.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
It always seems impossible until it is done.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Everything you have ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
The pessimist complains about the wind, the optimist expects it to change, the realist adjusts the sails.
To know what you know and what you do not know, that is true knowledge.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it is the courage to continue that counts.